the fast tea jet blazer Express is the
hottest inkjet the garment printer in
the industry it's a heavy-duty machine
that consistently prints outstanding
images up to 16 and a half by 20 inches
in size it will also print on towels
shorts bibs bandanas aprons tote bag
socks and more create vibrant prints on
light or dark garments with our CMYK
plus four white system or achieve
amazing color prints on Lite garments
only with our a color system of CMYK
plus bread green blue and orange with
180 nozzles per color resolutions as
high as 28 80 by 1440 are possible to
help you print the best images u.s.
green has developed the best textile ink
available our very affordable prices
will help keep ink cost as low as 40
cents for full size print and this
machine is fast a highly modified Epson
4880 inkjet printer the blazer Express
is capable of printing a 12 by 12 inch
image in less than two minutes on dark
colored shirts it will also print that
same image in under 60 seconds on a
light colored shirt with no underbase
link multiple printers to a single
computer for even higher production
rates and by the way you're not limited
to just fabrics the blazer Express can
print on many non textile surfaces such
as metal plastic and wood as with all
our fast e jet inkjet the garment
printers we offer a 30-day money-back
guarantee we have over 3500 customers
around the world because only our
machines allow you to print highly
detailed images in the brightest whites
and most vibrant colors available
for more information and a printed
sample contact the sales representative
the fast egypt blazer express express
your creativity order yours today